---
layout: page
title: Dynamic Light
subtitle: About us
---
<p>
Dynamic Light, Inc. (“DL”) is a Delaware corporation based in Austin, Texas and founded in May 2018 by Professor Andrew Dunn, Ph.D., Department of Biomedical Engineering, University of Texas at Austin, David Miller, Ph.D. a postdoctoral fellow with Professor Dunn, and Len Pagliaro, Ph.D.  DL’s mission is to enable real-time blood flow imaging that will improve patient care and lower health care costs.  DL technology supports better decision making by providing physicians with continuous, quantitative, non-invasive, high resolution visualization of perfusion.
	</p>
	<p>
Team Biographies: <br>
Andrew Dunn, Ph.D., Chief Scientific Officer and Co-Founder, is the Director of the Center for Emerging Imaging Technologies and holds the Donald J. Douglass Centennial Professorship in Engineering and is a Professor in the Biomedical Engineering Department of The University of Texas at Austin.  Dr. Dunn's research is focused on developing novel optical imaging techniques for imaging brain function.  His laboratory integrates innovative photonics and computational techniques and applies them to research questions in areas such as stroke, migraine, functional mapping during neurosurgery, and Alzheimer’s disease.  In addition, he is developing imaging techniques that aid in furthering our understanding of basic neurophysiological mechanisms.  One of the techniques Dr. Dunn has developed is laser speckle contrast imaging of blood flow, which he has used to dynamically image the cerebral blood flow changes during stroke, migraine and normal brain activation.  We collaborate closely with neuroscientists, neurologists and neurosurgeons in the application of these imaging techniques to various problems related to brain function.  Dr. Dunn is a founder of, and leader in, the field of laser speckle imaging and, in particular, implementation of continuous, real-time, high resolution speckle imaging enabled by sophisticated proprietary algorithms and software libraries.  Dr. Dunn and his laboratory team have authored many of the seminal papers in the field, and have conducted human clinical trials with his technologies, as well as extensive animal studies.
	</p>
	<p>
David Miller, Ph.D., Chief Technology Officer and Co-Founder, has been involved in the development of speckle imaging technologies in Professor Dunn’s laboratory, and has played a key role in the formation of DL.  Dr. Miller’s activities include coordination and management of clinical studies, and further development of speckle imaging technology.
	</p>
	<p>
Len Pagliaro, Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder, has 20 years of experience with successful commercialization of biotechnology products, services, and technology licensing.  Len started working with Drs. Dunn and Miller in 2018, and he was appointed CEO in May 2018.  He has managed R&D and business teams, and developed product, service, and technology licensing programs from inception to revenues to profitability in 2 previous biotech startups.  He managed P&L for a business unit of ThermoFisher Scientific, selling tools and services for drug discovery, after successful acquisition of BioImage A/S, a Danish biotech he helped found. Len started commercialization at BioImage from concept to $1M in revenue in 1 year, revenues tripled in each of the following 2 years, and after acquisition and integration by Thermo, his P&L grew to $26M.  A small molecule oncology therapeutic project he led was successfully partnered with TopoTarget and is now in the clinic.  Most recently he co-founded Siva Therapeutics, where he developed a business plan, recruited a management team, assembled a strong and growing IP portfolio, and raised founding capital which included >$1.7 million in grants.  Siva has completed a rigorous preclinical program with the Nanotechnology Characterization Laboratory and is in discussions for strategic partnerships.
	</p>
